welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about tangled long ago a
drop of sunlight fell unto earth and
grew a magical flower capable of healing
illness decay and injury for hundreds of
years the flower is used by Mother
Gothel to retain her youth and tell
soldiers from a nearby kingdom Corona
find the flower and use it to heal their
ailing Queen shortly afterwards the
Queen gives birth to Princess Rapunzel
while attempting to recover the flower
Gothel discovers Rapunzel's golden hair
contains the flowers healing properties
she tries to steal Rapunzel's hair but
discovers that cutting her hair destroys
its power
Gothel abducts the baby and raises
Rapunzel as her own daughter in an
isolated Tower once the year the king
and queen released sky lanterns on
Rapunzel's birthday hoping for their
daughter to see them and return on the
eve of her 18th birthday Rapunzel who
sees the lanterns each year on her
birthday asks to leave the tower and
discover their source
Gothel refuses claiming that the outside
world as a dangerous place meanwhile a
thief named Flynn Rider steals
Rapunzel's crown from the palace and
inadvertently discovers the tower after
ditching his accomplices the stabbington
brothers while fleeing from the palace
guards as Flynn enters the tower
Rapunzel knocks him out with a frying
pan and hides the crown unaware of its
significance she tries to convince
Gothel to let her leave the tower
however Gothel once again refuses and
leaves to get rapunzel paint for her
birthday
Rapunzel deciding to take matters into
her own hands
convinces a reluctant Flint to escort
her to see the lanterns in exchange for
the Crown's return as a way to prove to
Gothel that she can take care of herself
in the dangerous outside world eager to
reclaim the crown Flynn takes Rapunzel
to the snuggly duckling a pub filled
with menacing thugs in an effort to
discourage her into returning home
instead the thugs are charmed by
Rapunzel when she encourages them to
follow their dreams meanwhile Gothel
returns to the tower early and discovers
Rapunzel missing and Flynn Stachel in
which she decides to go after the to
herself royal soldiers led by one of the
Royal Army's horses Maximus arrived in
search of Flynn Rapunzel and Flynn
escaped but are then trapped in a
flooding cave resigned to his fate
Flynn reveals his real name Eugene
Fitzherbert
Rapunzel remembers that her hair glows
when she sings and uses it to provide
enough light to find a way out of the
cave Eugene and Rapunzel take refuge in
a forest where Gothel now in league with
the stabbington gives the crown to
Rapunzel and suggests using it to test
Eugene's faithfulness in the morning
Maximus finds the pair and tries to
arrest Flynn but Rapunzel arranges the
truce in honor of her birthday the group
reaches the kingdom and enjoys the
festivities culminating in an evening
cruise as the lanterns are released
there Rapunzel gives Eugene the crown
after fulfilling her dream of seeing the
lanterns in person Rapunzel and Eugene
realize they have fallen in love and are
about to kiss when Eugene notices the
stabbington on the shore Eugene leaves
Rapunzel to give them the crown as an
apology but they knock him out tie him
to a boat and attempt to capture
Rapunzel after convincing her that
Eugene has left her
Gothel then stages a rescue betraying
and incapacitating the brothers and
leaves with Rapunzel as Eugene and the
stabbington are detained at the palace
back at the tower
Rapunzel recognizes the symbol of the
kingdom which she had subconsciously
incorporated into her paintings over the
years realizing that she is the
long-lost princess she confronts Gothel
as Eugene is sentenced to hang
Maximus and the duckling thugs help him
escape Maximus then carries him back to
Goethals tower
Eugene enters by climbing Rapunzel's
hair only to find Rapunzel chained and
gagged
Gothel fatally stabbed Eugene and tries
to force Rapunzel to leave with her but
Rapunzel agrees to submit forever
willingly if she is allowed to heal
Eugene Eugene wanting Rapunzel to be
free instead slices of her hair
destroying its magic and causing Gothel
to age rapidly she trips and falls out
of the window of the tower turning to
dust even before she hits the ground a
heartbroken Rapunzel mourns for Eugene
who dies in her arms however her tear
which still contains the flowers power
lands on his cheek and restores his life
the two returned to the kingdom and
Rapunzel reunites with her parents
overjoyed the kingdom breaks out in
celebration and Eugene is pardoned for
his crimes Rapunzel and Eugene
eventually marry thank you all for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell notification for more of
these videos
[Music]